feat: Explain how users can override the editor's container image (#2687)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/url-parameter-for-the-ide-image.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
:description: URL parameter for the IDE image
:keywords: parameter, URL, IDE, image
:navtitle: URL parameter for the IDE image
//:page-aliases:

[id="url-parameter-for-the-ide-image"]
= URL parameter for the IDE image

You can use the `editor-image` parameter to set the custom IDE image in the following scenarios:

> * The Git repository contains no xref:defining-a-common-ide.adoc[`/.che/che-editor.yaml`] file in the source-code, and you want to specify the target IDE with the custom image.
> 
> * The Git repository contains xref:defining-a-common-ide.adoc[`/.che/che-editor.yaml`] file in the source-code, and you want to override the first container image listed in the `components` section of the editor's devfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: I have fixed it.

:_content-type: CONCEPT
:description: URL parameter for the IDE image
:keywords: parameter, URL, IDE, image
:navtitle: URL parameter for the IDE image
//:page-aliases:

[id="url-parameter-for-the-ide-image"]
= URL parameter for the IDE image

You can use the `editor-image` parameter to set the custom IDE image for the workspace.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> * If the Git repository contains xref:defining-a-common-ide.adoc[`/.che/che-editor.yaml`] file in the source-code, the custom editor will be overridden with the new IDE image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the Git repository contains xref:defining-a-common-ide.adoc[`/.che/che-editor.yaml`] file, the custom editor will be overridden with the new IDE image.
```

Author: I have fixed it.

> * If the Git repository contains no xref:defining-a-common-ide.adoc[`/.che/che-editor.yaml`] file in the source-code, the default editor will be overridden with the new IDE image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If there is no xref:defining-a-common-ide.adoc[`/.che/che-editor.yaml`] file in the Git repository, the default editor will be overridden with the new IDE image.
```

Author: I have fixed it.
